Prohibition(Org, PhD_Student, Modification, Confidential_Data, Default)
A PhD student is prohibited from modifying confidential data in the default context.

Prohibition(Org, Staff_Member, Consultation, WP1, Secondment)
A staff member is prohibited from consulting WP1 data during a secondment.

Prohibition(Org, Researcher, Modification, Internal_data, Management)
A researcher is prohibited from modifying internal data in the management context.

Prohibition(Org, Post_Doc, Consultation, Deliverables, Collaboration)
A post-doc is prohibited from consulting deliverables data in the collaboration context.

Prohibition(Org, Dean, Consultation, WP2, Management)
The dean is prohibited from consulting WP2 data in the management context.

Prohibition(Org, Engineer, Modification, Public_Data, Secondment)
An engineer is prohibited from modifying public data during a secondment.

Prohibition(Org, Associate_Professor, Consultation, WP4, Collaboration)
An associate professor is prohibited from consulting WP4 data in the collaboration context.

Prohibition(Org, Team_Leader, Modification, Secondment_Agreement, Management)
A team leader is prohibited from modifying secondment agreements in the management context.

Prohibition(Org, Director, Consultation, WP5, Secondment)
The director is prohibited from consulting WP5 data during a secondment.

Prohibition(Org, PhD_Student, Modification, Confidential_Data, Default)
A PhD student is prohibited from modifying confidential data in the default context to ensure that sensitive information is only handled by more experienced and authorized personnel.

Why?

Prohibition(Org, Staff_Member, Consultation, WP1, Secondment)
A staff member is prohibited from consulting WP1 data during a secondment to prevent potential conflicts of interest and ensure that secondment activities remain focused on their specific objectives.

Prohibition(Org, Researcher, Modification, Internal_data, Management)
A researcher is prohibited from modifying internal data in the management context to maintain data integrity and ensure that only management-level roles can alter strategic organizational information.

Prohibition(Org, Post_Doc, Consultation, Deliverables, Collaboration)
A post-doc is prohibited from consulting deliverables data in the collaboration context to protect the confidentiality of project outcomes until they are ready for dissemination.

Prohibition(Org, Dean, Consultation, WP2, Management)
The dean is prohibited from consulting WP2 data in the management context to maintain a separation of duties and prevent any potential misuse of information during high-level decision-making processes.

Prohibition(Org, Engineer, Modification, Public_Data, Secondment)
An engineer is prohibited from modifying public data during a secondment to ensure that public data remains consistent and is not inappropriately altered while the engineer is engaged in external activities.

Prohibition(Org, Associate_Professor, Consultation, WP4, Collaboration)
An associate professor is prohibited from consulting WP4 data in the collaboration context to prevent any premature sharing of information that might compromise the integrity of ongoing research collaborations.

Prohibition(Org, Team_Leader, Modification, Secondment_Agreement, Management)
A team leader is prohibited from modifying secondment agreements in the management context to ensure that these agreements are only changed by authorized personnel, maintaining contractual integrity.

Prohibition(Org, Director, Consultation, WP5, Secondment)
The director is prohibited from consulting WP5 data during a secondment to avoid conflicts of interest and to focus on the objectives of the secondment rather than internal project details.

Prohibition(Org, Coordinator, Modification, Reports, Default)
A coordinator is prohibited from modifying reports in the default context to ensure that official reports remain accurate and are only altered by those responsible for their creation.

Prohibition(Org, Full_Professor, Consultation, Confidential_Data, Secondment)
A full professor is prohibited from consulting confidential data during a secondment to prevent sensitive information from being accessed in an external or potentially insecure environment.

Prohibition(Org, WP_Leader, Modification, WP3, Management)
A WP leader is prohibited from modifying WP3 data in the management context to ensure that project data is only changed within the designated project scope and not during broader management activities.

Prohibition(Org, Secondee, Consultation, Internal_data, Collaboration)
A secondee is prohibited from consulting internal data in the collaboration context to protect organizational privacy and ensure that internal data is not shared in collaborative environments.

Prohibition(Org, Director, Modification, Deliverables, Default)
The director is prohibited from modifying deliverables in the default context to maintain the integrity and accuracy of project outputs, which should only be altered by those directly involved in their creation.

Prohibition(Org, PhD_Student, Consultation, WP2, Management)
A PhD student is prohibited from consulting WP2 data in the management context to ensure that access to management-level project data is restricted to authorized personnel.

Prohibition(Org, Team_Leader, Modification, WP1, Collaboration)
A team leader is prohibited from modifying WP1 data in the collaboration context to prevent unauthorized changes to project data during collaborative efforts.

Prohibition(Org, Associate_Professor, Consultation, Secondment_Agreement, Secondment)
An associate professor is prohibited from consulting secondment agreements during a secondment to avoid potential conflicts of interest and to maintain focus on the secondment activities.

Prohibition(Org, Engineer, Modification, WP4, Default)
An engineer is prohibited from modifying WP4 data in the default context to ensure that project data is only changed by those with the appropriate project responsibilities.

Prohibition(Org, Employee, Consultation, WP5, Management)
An employee is prohibited from consulting WP5 data in the management context to restrict access to project-specific information to those involved in its management.
